# continuous-learning
Possible project: using generative adversarial networks to improve continuous learning

Continual learning in deep neural networks suffers from a phenomenon called catastrophic forgetting, where a model’s performance on previously learned tasks abruptly degrades when trained for a new task. In deep neural networks, inputs coincide with the outputs by implicit parametric representation. Therefore training them towards a new objective can cause almost complete forgetting of former knowledge. Such problem has been a key obstacle to continual learning for deep neural network through sequential training on multiple tasks.

Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are a popular approach for image generation since they are able to complete the complex mapping from a low-dimensional latent space to a distribution, i.e., natural images. The GANs approach is based on an adversarial game between a generator and a discriminator, where the generator tries to generate good images and the discriminator tries to discriminate between real training samples and generated. The original GANs approach has been improved with new architectures and more robust losses. After the training of the GANs, they can be used to sample images by mapping a randomly sampled latent vector. While providing diversity, there is little control over the semantic properties of what is being generated. Conditional GANs enable the use of semantic conditions as inputs, so the semantic properties and the inherent diversity can be decoupled. The simplest condition is just the category label, allowing to control the category of the generated image.

Previous attempts to alleviate catastrophic forgetting often relied on episodic memory system that stores past data, which requires large working memory to store past inputs and such data storage may not be viable in some real-world situations. Recently, GANs are leveraged to replay the past inputs, however, there is still information loss because of the discrenpancy between the past inputs and the replayed inputs, which is expected to be improved through more advanced GANs-based framework.
